Update README with archive repository status (#472)
ai2cm/pace: README.md

# Pace

> ⚠️ **READ-ONLY REPOSITORY** ⚠️
>

> > Original development until `v0.2` was executed under AI2 patronnage. Maintenance and further developpment has been taken over by NOAA-GFDL and can be reached  [here](https://github.com/NOAA-GFDL/pace).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Original development until `v0.2` was executed under AI2 patronage. Maintenance and further development has been taken over by NOAA-GFDL and can be reached  [here](https://github.com/NOAA-GFDL/pace).
```
Minor typos.
